add note about the default paywall (#341)
RevenueCat/revenuecat-docs: docs_source/🛠 Tools/paywalls/displaying-paywalls.md

  }
]
[/block]

## Default Paywall

If you attempt to display a Paywall for an Offering that doesn't have one configured, the RevenueCatUI SDK will display a default Paywall.

> The default paywall displays all packages in the offering, and uses the app's `accentColor` for styling. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default paywall displays all packages in the offering.
On iOS it uses the app's `accentColor` for styling. 
```
